Add warning message about the maintainance (#47)
jolicode/seo-override: README.md

Override your seo markup on the fly.

> ⚠️ We do not maintain actively this package, instead we recommend to use [Redirection.io](https://redirection.io/) which is the perfect tool for managing HTTP redirections for businesses, marketing and SEO. It allows you to override SEO metadata as well as this package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ We consider this library as stable and do not plan to add new features. We will still merge any bug fixes or support for new dependencies versions.
If you need more powerful SEO features, we recommend to use [redirection.io](https://redirection.io/) which is the perfect tool for businesses, marketing and SEO. It allows you to:
- override SEO metadata (as well as this package);
- manage HTTP redirections;
- find and fix 404 errors;
- etc.
```
